README.md, before:

<p><b>Read in another language: <a href="/README.ru.md">Русский<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f3/Flag_of_Russia.svg/180px-Flag_of_Russia.svg.png" width="20"/></a>, <a href="/README.md">English<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom_%283-5%29.svg/180px-Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom_%283-5%29.svg.png" width="20"/></a>.</b></p>

---

# monstrix-react-game

Many people know the "Pokémon" universe, so, I decided to make some kind of analog of this game in a web format.

- In the game, you can fight monsters, tame monsters, pump monsters and buy monsters. 
- There are a total of five stages of battle in the arena, and in each stage the opponents will get stronger. 
- The goal of the game is to buy or tame all monsters =). Good luck!

>*The game is written using html, scss, js, react, redux tool-kit. The game provides Russian and English language, the game has a battle system, a pumping system, as well as a store with in-game currency.*

---

## Screenshots:

*I'll leave some introductory screenshots from the game here.*

<details> 
	<summary><h4>1. (Start menu)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-31.userapi.com/impg/lPUzkMc87zD-diN6EawmPJSSo9IkQ7Lfkpsr-g/LLTMl2Vg08E.jpg?size=1450x858&quality=96&sign=eaefe07015b7a6f855673525027709b8&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>2. (Battle)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-38.userapi.com/impg/y32COjbr3spCMFTnJE5Q7-XZRvAzwsphXW3UKw/Ywx4xA4y5U8.jpg?size=1445x858&quality=96&sign=1871ba3528833626f87e0ab85547b451&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>3. (Monster card)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-3.userapi.com/impg/QTJqxbDzvMe5viJuiC_oBPegbx9iIxGQeHPx-A/7A7mUeV1n7A.jpg?size=1442x862&quality=96&sign=ab6dacbc65a849fc98b60c586f6ce6c8&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>4. (Store)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-35.userapi.com/impg/N7ZXjUCoRfYNMhoEb5fX9QNVVZ7sLY8-_4Fgww/BFpZJzGPo1E.jpg?size=1450x860&quality=96&sign=a1ea92df39d29e76a4c52eca195ad7cd&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>

---

## Start-up instructions

*You can view the finished version of the site by clicking on the link:* 
https://lenkinma.github.io/Monstrix_React_game/

#### If you want to run the site on your computer, follow these instructions:
1. Make sure you have an LTS version of Node.js installed on your computer.
   [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/) it if necessary.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Using the terminal or IDE, navigate to the project folder.
4. Install the project's base dependencies with the `npm install` command.
5. Start the application by executing the `npm start` command.
6. Done! Go to the following address in your browser: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

---

### Any questions? My contacts:
<a href="https://vk.com/lenkinma">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-VK-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=VK&logoColor=0077FF" alt="Vk"/>
</a>
<a href="https://t.me/lenkinmax">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-090909?style=for-the-badge&logo=Telegram&logoColor=26A5E4" alt="Telegram"/>
</a>

Commit message:

Digitons Alpha alpha changing colors

README.md, after:

<p><b>Read in another language: <a href="/README.ru.md">Русский<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f3/Flag_of_Russia.svg/180px-Flag_of_Russia.svg.png" width="20"/></a>, <a href="/README.md">English<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom_%283-5%29.svg/180px-Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom_%283-5%29.svg.png" width="20"/></a>.</b></p>

---

# monstrix-react-game

Many people know the "Pokémon" universe, so, I decided to make some kind of analog of this game in a web format.

- In the game, you can fight monsters, tame monsters, pump monsters and buy monsters. 
- There are a total of five stages of battle in the arena, and in each stage the opponents will get stronger. 
- The goal of the game is to buy or tame all monsters =). Good luck!

>*The game is written using html, scss, js, react, redux tool-kit. The game provides Russian and English language, the game has a battle system, a pumping system, as well as a store with in-game currency.*

---

## Introducing Digitons

Digitons are the new playable monsters on the TON blockchain. This play-to-earn game allows you to earn rewards by playing and engaging with the game.

- Digitons can be fought, tamed, and upgraded just like other monsters.
- Earn in-game currency and rewards by participating in battles and completing challenges.
- The game leverages the TON blockchain for secure and transparent transactions.

---

## Screenshots:

*I'll leave some introductory screenshots from the game here.*

<details> 
	<summary><h4>1. (Start menu)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-31.userapi.com/impg/lPUzkMc87zD-diN6EawmPJSSo9IkQ7Lfkpsr-g/LLTMl2Vg08E.jpg?size=1450x858&quality=96&sign=eaefe07015b7a6f855673525027709b8&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>2. (Battle)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-38.userapi.com/impg/y32COjbr3spCMFTnJE5Q7-XZRvAzwsphXW3UKw/Ywx4xA4y5U8.jpg?size=1445x858&quality=96&sign=1871ba3528833626f87e0ab85547b451&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>3. (Monster card)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-3.userapi.com/impg/QTJqxbDzvMe5viJuiC_oBPegbx9iIxGQeHPx-A/7A7mUeV1n7A.jpg?size=1442x862&quality=96&sign=ab6dacbc65a849fc98b60c586f6ce6c8&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>
<details> 
	<summary><h4>4. (Store)</h4></summary>
	<img src="https://sun9-35.userapi.com/impg/N7ZXjUCoRfYNMhoEb5fX9QNVVZ7sLY8-_4Fgww/BFpZJzGPo1E.jpg?size=1450x860&quality=96&sign=a1ea92df39d29e76a4c52eca195ad7cd&type=album" width="500"/>
</details>

---
